# PyBer_Analysis
Module 5 PyBer with Matplotlib
In this module, I will be creating visualization of rideshare data for PyBer.  The goal is to help improve access to ride-sharing services and determine affordability for underserved neightborhoods.  I will be using the Python graphing library called Matplotlib.  Our CEO is V. Isualize and my supervisor is Omar.  
## Lesson 1
I learned how to create line, bar, scatter, bubble and pie charts using both the MATLAB and Object-Oriented Approach OOP).  After completing the skill drill for the OOP, the documentation asked us which chart I thought was best for graphing the ride-sharing data.  I feel the horizontal bar best depicts the data; I find it the easiest to read and interpret in a short amount of time.  At the end of the lesson, I learned how to add error bars to line and bar charts, change major tick marks, and add minor tick marks.  In the last exercise, I created graphs for a small dataset.  I did fine until the final skill drill and I could not get error bars added to the bar chart.  I checked the instructor's speed run video and he too could not get the error bars on the chart.  He moved on and so did I.  I should mention that I made several attempts to add the error bars and spent approximately two hours on the skill drill.  
## Lesson 2
I imported and inspected two CSV files and converted them to dataframes.  After verifying that each dataframe looked good and did not have any missing data or need additional cleaning, I merged the two dataframs into one dataframe.  
## Lesson 3
I created dataframes for each city type:  urban, suburban, and rural.  I used the Pandas "mean()" method to get the average fare for each city.  To calculate the number of rides for each city, I used the Pandas "count()" method for each city.  I needed to make the bubble size correlate to the number of each driver for each city by getting the average driver count for each city.  I also needed to create a Series; therefore, I used the Pandas "groupby()" function to get a Series for each city type. Next, I chained the "groupby()" function with the "mean()" method to get the fare averages.   As a final step in preparing the data, I chained the "groupby()" function with the "mean() of the driver count to get the average number of drivers for each city type.  It was time to create the Bubble Charts.  I used the company's color scheme for each city type.  After creating the individual bubble charts, I combined the code into one and added a title, axis labels, a legend and a text label for visual enhancement.  
